Question 1
1. Finding a 90% confidence interval for the average student IQ in the school
   1.      2. Conduction a hypothesis test
   1.   

Question 2


Graph of Y and X1
  

There does not seem to be a strong correlation between per capita expenditure on shelters/housing assistance in state and per capita personal income in state but it seems like there’s a slight upward trend in per capita housing assistance assistance as personal income increases but it is more likely a coincidence and would have to be confirmed via additional testing.


Graph of Y and X2
  

I do not think there is any strong correlation between per capita expenditure on shelters/housing assistance in state and number of residents per 100,000 that are financially insecure in state. If a line of best fit or trend line was inserted into the scatter plot, it could not be linear, which indicates no correlation. 


Graph of Y and X3
  

It also appears unlikely that there is much correlation between expenditure on shelters/housing assistance and the number of people per thousand residing in urban areas in state. The data appears to be fairly randomly distributed in the scatter plot but its possible that with a larger sample size that an upward, positive trend could become apparent. There seems to be a small indication that as the number of people residing in urban areas increases, so does the expenditure on shelters/housing assistance in state. However, this is difficult to prove without additional testing and evidence. 


Graph of X1 and X2
  

The data points the plot of per capita personal income in state and the number of people per 100,000 that are financially insecure in state seem to be very scattered and with no apparent correlation. It would be impossible to identify a trend or insert a line of best fit for this graph. It also makes sense that there is no correlation between these two variables when considering what they represent. 


Graph of X2 and X3
  

There does not seem to be any correlation between the number of people per thousand residing in urban areas and the number of residents per 100,000 that are financially insecure in state. The data points don’t form any patterns or clusters and are fairly randomly placed throughout the scatter plot. 


Graph of X1 and X3
  

There seems to be a correlation between per capita personal income in state and the number of people per thousand residing in urban areas in state. As personal income increases, so does the number of people residing in urban areas. On the plot, this is shown through the data points trending upwards along the x-axis representing income. If a line of best fit was inserted into the graph, it is safe to assume that it would be linear and have a positive slope. 


Part 2
Graph of Y and Region
  

Along the x-axis representing region, each whole number value represents a different area. 1 is Northeast, 2 is North Central, 3 is South, and 4 is West. Looking at the plot of per capita expenditure on shelters/housing assistance in state versus region, it seems that spending is highest in the West, followed closely by the Northeast. This could be explored further by calculating the average expenditure for each region and plotting that. 
  

This confirms that the West has the highest spending and that the North Central region actually has the second highest expenditure on shelters/housing assistance. 


Part 3
Plot of Y and X1
  

Again, there seems to be a slight positive correlation between per capita expenditure on shelters/housing assistance in state and per capita personal income in state. That is, as personal income increases, so does expenditure on housing assistance. 


Plot of Y and X1 with Region
  

According to this plot, it seems that blue squares, representing the South, show that that region has the lowest per capita expenditure on shelters/housing assistance in state as well as the lowest per capita personal income. The highest area is the West, represented by the orange circles. 


3D plot of Y and X1 with Region